I film in the desert of California with YouTube's Field Day team - And a drone.
If we spot other aircraft flying nearby, we will immediately land
Because, that's just a sure thing to do. There is a small municipal airport a few kilometers away
But there is no traffic and visibility is perfect today. But here's a pretty scary one
Statistics: In the United States, there were more than a hundred dense clashes between drones
and manned aircraft every month this year. That means the plane or helicopter was
close enough to the pilot to see the drone - because, they are not
visible on radar.
Given that there are 30,000 passengers traveling every day in the United States, it is not an additional reason
for alarm. It is only what, about one in 10,000 pilots who have seen a drone, have just come
close to one. But: there are stories of drones crashing past passenger aircraft as they
is about to land just to get a good picture, while fire helicopters are being grounded
Until a fool with a drone stops holding his YouTube viewer number higher a fire extinguisher.
Hoof! - In the UK, you must be allowed to operate a movie drone commercially,
even if it is only with YouTube advertising. And you will need special approval to operate within 50
meters of people or buildings you do not have complete control over. And yes, far
The majority of individual drone operators ignore it completely, knowing that
The police force does not have the time or energy to haul into them.
In the United States, laws vary by state and often change so I don't even want to
Try to sum them up, other than to mention that the drone boys here certainly follow them.
I think the world is about one to two years away from the first collision. If it is with
a big plane, then the drone will destroy one engine and everyone will surely be unharmed.
But if it's a small civilian plane, or something like a paraglider:
No matter what, it is where the law actually begins to haul in and where there will be more
people arrested for what Britain calls "approximate violations" than the full fool that crashed
his drone in the garden of the White House, this year.
Everything is alright. Get her off!
And if you want to know why I'm here, with all those weird lines in the desert around me:
So check out my day in the field, out in California City.
Man, it's going to look great.
Everything OK? (Cutter)